User goes "goof", Boss goes "now"
Twitter goes "tweet", And followers "bleet"
Error goes "spew", Bug goes "broke"
And the manager goes "root"
Hole say "hack" And git go "hub"
And support goes "ow ow ow"
But there's one sound
That no one knows
What does the dev say?
Ping-ping-ping-ping-pingepingeping!
What the dev say?
Va-va-va-va-va-va-vow!
Hackie-hackie-hackie-pro!
What the dev say?
Boff-scoff-scoffo-scoffo-scoff!
Blood shot eyes, Twitchy nose
Caffiene is nice, And back door holes
Tired hands, Empty mug
Suddenly you're coding bugs
CI is green, So beautiful
Like an angel in disguise
But if you go, On a git branch course
How will you deal with that
So-o-o-o-ource? So-o-o-o-ource? So-o-o-o-ource?
Will you add the switch to
Fo-o-o-o-orce? Fo-o-o-o-orce? Fo-o-o-o-orce?
What does the dev say?
RuckRuck-RuckRuck-RuckRuck-Now!
What the dev say?
Haha-haha-haha-haha-how!?
A-Retweet Retweet Tweet!
What the dev say?
SQL Vie-oo-oo-oo-www! Vie-oo-oo-oo-www!
What does the dev say?
The secret of the dev, technical mystery
Somewhere deep in the code
I know you're hacking
what is your sound?
Will we ever know?
Always left an open issue...
What do you say?
You re my guardian angel
Hacking in the codes
what is your sound?
Will we ever know?
I want to I want to I want to know